Privacy Policy
Babyboo built the Game as a Free Game. This SERVICE is provided by Babyboo at no cost and is intended for use as is.


This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.


If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.


The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible Babyboo unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT 
Our ads suppliers use your personal data to personalise ads for you. You’ll find links to our partners’ privacy policies below:
AdMob: Privacy Policy >
Firebase : Privacy Policy >


If you send requests to us we collect and process the data from you in order to be able to provide a response. For the support purpose, it may be necessary for you to provide us with information about your end device so that we can resolve some technical problems. The information is voluntary. You are free to send the request to us under a pseudonym.
 2. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 16. Users declare themselves to be adults by accepting Privacy Policy. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
 3. CHANGES
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
 4. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at hainc25@gmail.com
